[Music]
I was born by the special will of heaven
to restore the lost age of chivalry
I am Don Quixote de la Mancha good work
I want to drop some of the shots why
because it isn't working because my
client isn't happy does the whole
concept is ridiculous you are done okay
okay it's your concept of your vision I
wanted to keep an eye on her do that for
me I'm the boss's wife
[Music]
oh yeah Roger you're crazy peasant you
think you can hide from me we shall have
such a great adventures together
I am Don Quixote de la Mancha and I
command you to release my square about
the hoodie Wow now he actually believes
he's done Don Quixote de la Mancha come
to restore the lost age of chivalry well
I wrote that yes free where can I read I
really like your big adventures donkey
he's probably wet himself I don't like
this why does everything always have to
be about you
[Music]
I am Don Quixote